Throughout Britain, you will find this: Paving.
It's to help the blind or the visually impaired find their way.
Here's the smart part,
And the part that almost all people with natural sight do not notice:
There are different patterns of different situations.
Very few people see nothing.
This is important as saying. Only about 3%.
Some people have a sense of light, some people have a slightly better vision.
Some people have a limited field of vision.
Some people have a weak central vision but a good peripheral vision.
Simply put, you are thinking of people with partial eyesight and vision enough
They must move with confidence and independence,
The fact that the blind are less than that.
No metal plate, like this, means a ramp to cross the road.
If it were red, or at least if it were supposed to be red,
If it is a transit area with lights or something else to stop traffic:
These designs for people with limited vision also,
So the bright contrasting color is a good idea.
There is a small amount of pave here, used as a sign,
To locate the transit area.
Near the road, it is along each transit area,
So you can know its place.
It is important to balance the education of the transit area
Against the non-use of paving touches excessive quantity:
Because someone with arthritis will find cross surfaces like this painful.
Moving in an unfamiliar area is always a little scary, to be frank.
Because, certainly, traditional visual signs and road signs etc are not present.
The fact that static tags help a lot,
Therefore, there can be confusion when these conditions are not met.
It is very important that these means exist to help us
Be really to help us
They will exist the way we expect them.
But there are other patterns as well.
Distant points mean that there is a train platform in front of you, a large gap can fall in.
Oval shapes mean a tram platform,
Something closer to the level of the street and can be crushed.
Horizontal strips along the road mean that there are stairs in front of you,
Or other things that can disturb you.
Vertical strips along the road mean that the road of security is followed.
Even if half the way to walk on foot and the other half for bicycles?
If the direction of the tapes makes you able to differentiate between them.
The administrative districts of London, the councils outside London,
It seems to be moving more towards aesthetic considerations,
Which means they are changing the color to dark gray so it is more compatible with the road.
Of course if you agree more with the way,
It is difficult for people with limited sight like me to see.
Or in a more dangerous position,
People can find themselves in the way, without knowing that they are in the way,
Simply because these basic signs do not exist.
Sure, it's hard to do everything right.
The design measures for the application method are literally 100 pages long.
But the same applies to the standards of design for anything related to infrastructure:
Having reliable rules and understanding by all people is important
When there are tons of metal rushing in front of you.
Thank you very much to the Royal National Society for the Blind for all their help!
You can take a look at their YouTube channel here,
And yes, I've put a link to the 100-page design document at the bottom!